All right, so if your screen doesn't look like this does right now and you've got some other weird
stuff on there, it's probably easier at this point just to close your window and then open it again
and just type 'vim
second_script.sh' and press enter.
So once you're here, all I want you to do is just press the letter "i" once.  So you'll see this change
to insert.
That means you can write text however you want now, and it's called Insert Mode.
It's one of a few different modes that I'm going to show you about, but this is the one you'll use
the most because you're just going to be writing text.
So here's what I want
your first line to be:
basically the hash sign, exclamation point, bin bash
(#!/bin/bash)
And then that should always be the first line of code that you're going to write any time you do a shell
script, I'll teach you what this line is in the next lesson.
But basically, I want you to remember from this lesson that once you open them, you press "i" once and
then you can just type your text as normal.